Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Another glorious morning.
It's a good surfing day.
Just put on your sunscreen
and head off.
Isn't it good to be alive?
Thanks. mate.
- Just put it here?
- Yeah. cool.
Mate.
I'm in deep shit.
Well.
that's unusual.
Look. you know
that car Pete got me.
it's still hot.
I need to flog it quick.
So talk to Pete.
He'll move it.
I can't. I still owe him
a hundred grand
off the last job.
That's why I'm asking you.
Rick. I haven't got
a hundred grand.
I'm gonna be straight up.
you're causing me grief
with my girl.
And how many times do you need
to hear I've got a fucking job?
I've given that game away.
One favor.
That's all I'm asking.
Pete treats you
like a son.
We can go and see him
together. talk to him.
Give me time
to repay the debt
and then I'm out
of your life. Deal?
You mean you're conning me
into this?
So if I support you
on this one.
you leave me alone.
Okay?
Well. fuck it. Sean.
I'll owe you one.
So tomorrow night.
'round seven.
I'll pick you up. we'll go
and see Pete together.
Okay?
- Hey.
I'll see you
in five.
- Okay.
- Hmm.
Well. seriously.
how does he do that?
Practice and dedication.
Didn't you ever want to surf
like your friends?
I tried.
Life kept getting
in the way.
You were there
when Sean's dad
was murdered.
Still have flashbacks
about it.
And Robbie. well.
he just closed down.
They were very close
and. after it happened.
he just left town
and I didn't see him
for years.
And what about Sean?
Sean.
Imagine having to grow up
in orphanages.
your father murdered.
deserted by your Mum.
I worry about him.
and Jack tells me
he's easily influenced
and hangs out
with the wrong sort.
That's why I think
you're good for him.
He'll come around.
Yeah...
Yeah. he will.
Oh. wow.
I mean. it's just--
it's so graceful.
you know?
I call it liquid ballet.
"Liquid ballet." Nice.
This is--
this is just a block of wood.
No. but look at that.
It's the real deal.
- It's a real table.
- We used to ride this.
Hey. hey.
It's so good to see the Dads
enjoying themselves.
Mm.
I've gotta get to work.
I'll see you at the club.
See you there.
See you. Katie.
I heard about that.
That was brilliant.
Hey. boys.
G'day. mate. hey.
I had one just like that.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Until a rock jumped out
at Burleigh and ate it.
Yeah. it's true.
Sounds like you. Dad.
Memories. eh?
Clay.
What up. Pops?
Hey. mate.
- Digging the vibe.
- You know what?
Boo would've absolutely
loved this museum.
Thirty years. right.
since he was murdered?
Seriously?
I'll wait
for you guys outside.
Hang on. mate.
We'll come with you.
You guys see that?
Those old boys
must really miss
their mate.
We could do a tribute.
Sean. for your Dad.
- It's not a bad idea.
- Yeah?
Yeah. yeah.
we can do that.
You okay?
Yeah. yeah. I'm great.
Hey. um...
I forgot to ask.
how was work today?
- Oh. it was okay.
It's fine.
- Oh. okay.
What were you and Rick
talking about at the club?
Well. he wants me
to go and see Pete.
You know I owe him aft--
after Dad died.
And?
Rick will drag you down.
I saw the way that you didn't
want anything to do
with him at the club.
You've got to trust that.
We're so good now.
You're so good now.
I'm really proud of you.
Really?
Yeah. Really.
Mm.
Um...
Clay and the other guys. they--
they want me to go on a--
a tribute trip to Austinville
to honor my Dad.
You should do it.
- Yeah. I'd love to come.
- Yeah?
They mentioned
it's just the sons.
But I promise
when I come back. I...
am gonna take you...
somewhere special.
Just here. with you.
- Yep.
- Hey. Jack.
We decided to do
a tribute run to Austinville
in memory of Sean's Dad.
- You in?
- I'll pass.
Let's twist it.
If it was you. he'd be there
for your Dad.
Trust me on this.
I'll owe you.
Yeah. leave it with me.
So tomorrow at the cave?
Early?
Done deal.
We'll see you there.
- Hey. mate. how are you?
- Good. mate.
Good. mate.
- Had good waves lately?
- Uh. it's getting better.
Let's. uh.
let's go inside.
All right. Pete.
you know why I called.
Rick needs a favor.
You know Dominic Cooper?
Yeah.
we've done business.
Well. I happen to know he has
got a tidy little shipment
coming in by sea.
Well. no surprises there.
but what's that
got to do with me?
Well. I owe you. don't I?
This will take care of it.
Plus you both know
I really need the cash.
- Pete. you understand?
- Oh. you bet I do.
So when are you
gonna fix me up?
Well. that's what I'm saying.
Borrow the shipment.
get you your cash.
get Sean his cut
and I get
those other assholes
off my back.
So you're saying you're gonna
knock off this shipment
to repay your debts?
Mine included?
Great.
Everybody happy.
Hang on.
This sounds fucking dangerous.
Come on. mate.
You're going soft.
Look. all I'm saying is.
we'll go and check it out.
If it looks too heavy.
we'll cancel.
But Sean. I'm telling you.
mate.
this is the only way
you and I get out ahead.
I promised Katie
no more shit.
Yeah. I get it. kid.
Your call.
Look. if it's a no.
I'll accept. but if it's
a go show.
mate. you're gonna need
an alibi.
Well. that's not an issue.
Sean's got his surfing mates.
Great!
So when the shipment comes in.
I'll go check it out
and then we'll decide.
Okay?
Come on. mate.
Last one. for me.
promise.
Good evening.
all you freeloaders.
I'm just kidding. folks.
I'd like to thank
each and every one of you
for coming to my home tonight.
My gorgeous niece. April.
has decided to marry Tim
and Tim has committed to spend
the rest of his life with April
and I'll make sure
that he'll do that.
So look.
let's all raise a toast
to the happy couple.
Cheers!
Katie!
Katie. come and join me.
April mentioned
that you might be looking
for. uh. work?
Oh. I was. yeah.
but I've got a good gig now
at the surf club.
Did she mentioned to you
that I've got loan shops
all over the place.
and a lot of people
are looking for a loan
and I'm always looking
for staff...
Managers. Here...
So. give me a call.
You know what?
I'm thinking that maybe
you and I. you know. later.
we could get together.
talk about you
and your future plans.
and. uh. what do you say?
Over-over a nightcap?
Mm. I have a very big day
surf club-wise.
but. um. maybe
some other time.
- I got to take that.
- Mm.
Yeah. Talk to me.
I'm gonna go. Bye.
Okay. thanks.
Call me.
Dom.
We're lucky that car flies.
We?
So this was
some easy-peasy boost.
was it?
Just drop me
at Kane's house.
Kane. I'm out the front.
Have you-have you got a sec?
What. what time is it?
Just give me a minute.
Mate. I'm in trouble.
For fuck's sake. Sean.
What happened?
Rick. He was in debt
and he owed Pete
and I helped out.
I need an alibi.
I thought you wiped
that shonky bastard.
I did. but Pete asked me
to help one last time.
I owe him.
We boosted a drug shipment.
Fuck.
Yeah. it gets worse.
Katie. If she finds out.
she's going to walk.
Yeah. man. I like Katie.
She's a keeper.
Yeah. she really is
the best thing
that ever happened to me.
That life
that I used to live.
it's finished.
I did this for Pete
as one last job.
He looked after me
for years.
Rick conned me again.
Mate...
can I stay here
on your couch
just for tonight?
Yeah. yeah. Sure. mate.
I'll-- I'll just get a rug.
Frank. what's up?
- I've got a lead.
- Well?
That chick
you were talking
to at the party.
- she definitely
knows something.
- Crap.
You tell me
you found that mother
who's ripped me off.
Stay with me on this.
I need more info
on the chick--
name. address.
who she knows.
where she works.
She works at the surf club.
You can get the information
from them.
and I'm warning you. Frank.
You better find my drugs.
Or what?
Piece of shit.
Coming.
Morning. Sean.
A car was stolen
from Varsity Lakes
and the camera scans show
a distinct likeness to you.
same build and size.
and with your record.
we thought we'd come
and check it out.
Where were you
on the 15th at 9:00 PM?
Well. I was with a mate.
And he or she
can confirm that?
Of course.
You gonna give me a name?
Do you not believe me
or something?
Come on. Sean.
I've got a camera likeness.
I can hold you on suspicion
and you know that.
Maybe it's best
you just come down
to the station.
We can check
your alibi from there.
All right.
I'm just gonna tell
my girl first.
You can make that call
from the station.
- Okay.
- Let's go.
Lauren. um. listen.
Sean's in trouble again.
Katie! God.
what this time?
Can you do me a big. big favor
and use those legal skills
of yours?
Okay. Don't worry.
I'm on it.
I'll let you know
when it's done.
Thank you.
Hey. mate.
where's Kane?
Work. He's behind
on boards to shape.
Look. man. the trip?
I might have to work.
Look. with Sean.
you know the drill.
We just--
we don't hit it off.
He's got his demons.
It's his MO.
always in the shit.
Trip's still on. Jack.
Come on. mate.
Hit the waves.
Time out with your mates.
Bit of history
for our Dads.
Been too darn long.
Just give me some time.
Your call. Jack.
Yeah. I'll let you know.
Okay. Bye. bye.
He's all yours.
So. Sean.
Sean. don't walk away
from me.
- Look. it's fine.
It was nothing.
- This is not nothing.
You're lucky I know
that detective.
Your alibi is paper thin.
Well. it's gonna hold.
I know you've been hanging
with your old crew
and I really don't care.
but I care about Katie.
and you should too.
I care.
You're up to your neck
in this shit.
There's gonna be
consequences.
Well. I can look
after myself. all right?
Do you ever care about anyone
other than yourself?
Look. Katie means
the world to me.
I would do anything for her.
Hmm.
Thank you.
This is the last time
I bail you out. Sean.
The last time.
- Lauren.
- Katie. I got him out.
Lauren. I don't know
how to thank you.
I've got your back.
sister.
- I owe you.
- I'll add it to the tab.
Bye.
Oh. hey!
Do you ever
check your phone. Kane?
Oh. shit.
Margo Robbie again.
- She must be
after her new board.
- Yeah. You wish.
Sorry. guys. I've been
a bit behind on orders.
- Ready to rock and roll?
- Yeah.
Wow. What's the story?
Set it up on the weekend.
Tribute to our Dads
back in the day.
Check out the boards.
Oh. look at Boo.
Dad reckons
he loved that board.
Oh. and Scollop!
The girls loved him.
Still do.
So. guys...
you're committed
to this road trip
with the tribute board?
- Leaving tomorrow. right?
- Right.
You finish that board in time.
- I guarantee Margo
will be on a plane.
Sean will be out by then.
Mistaken identity.
Catching up with him
tomorrow.
- We'll leave you to it.
- All right.
- He'll come 'round.
Catch you later.
- See you.
- So you're not saying no
to the trip?
- Clay.
Okay. Okay.
- Hey. beautiful.
- Hey.
What's up. love?
So there's nothing
to it. right?
- What?
- With the police?
Oh. no.
Kane confirmed I was
at his place all night.
It's just mistaken identity.
that's all.
What?
Someone broke into your place
after you left
and I was really scared.
- I was hiding.
- Did you see them?
Mm. not really.
Well. do you know
who they were?
- No.
- Did they take anything?
How would I know?
Fuck!
I can't do this.
What?
This. us.
You're lying to me.
I need you to be honest with me.
I really do.
Katie!
Fuck!
What kept you?
I'm here. aren't I?
How long you been out?
I'm looking for someone.
- You know them?
- Should I?
Have a closer look.
Don't know them offhand.
Is this about surfies
dealing drugs?
Could be.
Keep your ears open.
I can check it out.
Find out what's going down.
if you want.
Yeah. I want.
Okay.
When I've got
the information.
where you gonna be?
Don't worry.
I'll find you.
Go on. Kane.
Kane.
Hey. Kane.
Hey.
- Sean.
- What happened?
- Massive wipe out.
- His head hit the reef.
His dad's
not taking it well.
He just left.
- Can I see him?
- Yeah. In here.
He lost a lot of blood.
I should have been
there for him.
He could have died.
He mumbled something
about you.
He mentioned my name.
Are you sure?
He said he was sorry.
Sorry? About what?
Letting you down.
How? I don't get it.
Maybe he was bummed
he couldn't come
on the trip with us.
Yeah.
I love you. mate.
That board you built for my Dad.
it's gonna be safe with us.
Hang in there.
Pretty busy here. mate.
Who the fuck are you?
What do you want?
Tell me who this is.
No fucking idea.
I'd try a little bit harder
if I were you. buddy.
Have you got
an answer? Huh?
Fuck you!
Last chance.
Fuck you.
Hey. Lauren.
Um. there's something I--
Look. I have
to apologize.
You do? To who?
You.
- Why?
- I was wrong about Sean.
I didn't get why you wanted
to date a bad boy like that.
He was so polite and nice.
and I know
I did just save his ass.
but it was
something different.
He was thankful.
I see why you like him.
and everyone has
two sides. right?
And left.
I'm apologizing to you
and you're making fun.
No. I'm not.
I promise I'm not.
So what did you
want to tell me?
Nothing.
Yeah. it doesn't--
it doesn't really matter.
I'm so glad
you changed your mind.
Sometimes we do
what we need to.
Hello?
Sean. you there?
Rick. you prick! I told you
never to call me again.
Mate. Look. things
are getting outta hand.
Katie said someone broke in.
Is this related?
Maybe.
- Mate. we need to get away.
- We? What we?
I told you.
I fucking warned you.
Now if anything happens
to Katie. you are gone.
Do you understand?
Mate. if they come for me.
I'm giving them you.
- Got that?
- Piss off.
Want a ride?
Come on. Sean.
get in.
- You guys have my board?
- On top. Come on.
let's go.
- Tone. do you have a minute?
- Sure. What's up?
Um. I wouldn't usually ask
at such late notice.
but if I could take
a few days off.
I would really
appreciate it.
You know. we've got a couple
of big parties this week.
Yeah. Um. yeah.
it's personal.
Okay. I'll get someone
to cover for you.
Thank you.
Okay. cool.
So wedding's off. huh?
Probably.
I messed things up
with her again.
She'll hang in there.
Sean. dead set.
She loves you.
- We're good?
- Yeah. Happy days.
All right.
Get in this.
Woo.
Yeah. that was
a good one.
- Hey. Sean.
are you joining us?
- Yeah.
Hey. guess what.
boys?
My shout.
What's the plan.
Stan?
Just keeping
the vibe alive.
I mean. Sean.
I'm sure you'll make it
a weekend we won't forget.
You having a go at me?
- Because maybe I will make it
a weekend you won't forget.
- Yeah?
Hey. hey. hey. hey!
It's cool. champ.
Hey. um.
while you're up.
why don't you
check out the van?
I think there's something
in the back there
you might dig.
- Come on. man.
- That was him.
Just lay off.
will you?
Wow. This is a replica
of Dad's board.
All right. guys.
I. um...
Yeah. I forgot about this.
and I don't really know
what to say.
Thanks to Kane
and thank you. you guys.
This. um...
Yeah. it really means
a lot to me.
Hey. man.
it's all good.
Now grab yourself a beer.
- You too. Jack.
- Thanks. guys.
Happy days.
- Any news?
- Yeah. I'm making progress.
Uh. they wanted you
to sign these papers
for the insurance
on the Mustang.
That is not news.
Where are my drugs?
I told you. boss.
I've got a good solid lead
on some surfie bozos.
More bullshit!
You're stalling me. Frank.
I know you.
Hey. careful. boss.
I am trying my best here.
Did you say careful?
You come to me
with a little bit
of fucking lead
about some fucking surfies
and that's it?
Oh. you're getting old.
Frank.
and you are way past
your use by date.
I think it's you
that's past your use by date.
You found me.
- You got something for me?
- Yeah.
Well?
Cost of living's going up
all the time. Frank.
So is the cost of dying.
You know what? Fuck it.
Why don't you talk
to that scumbag.
Rick Molet?
He owes everybody.
including me.
Well. now we're talking.
So where do I find
this. uh. scumbag Molet?
As I said. cost
of living's goin'--
- Frank.
- Where is he?
He lives
up Austinville somewhere.
Frank!
Frank! Frank!
And in other news.
police have discovered
the body of a man
identified as Pete Enfield
at his property.
At this stage.
police are investigating
and believe
the murder of Enfield
may be related
to criminal activities.
Stop the car.
Stop the car now!
It's my fault.
Couldn't help him. Sean.
You had
nothing to do with it.
He was my best pal.
- We should go home.
- You're wrong. mate.
If we go back now.
we'll fuck things up
completely for Sean.
Who knows what he'll do?
It's for our Dads.
remember?
- Okay.
- Come on.
Memories. eh?
Remember that gig?
The one where you met
your first girlfriend?
Yeah. Until she ran off
with that guitarist
from Acca Dacca.
Acca Dacca.
This dude lost his girl
to a pensioner.
Okay.
What did he do.
take her back
to his nursing home?
All right.
enough. Jesus.
You coming out. mate?
You okay?
Yeah.
I'm just gonna go
catch up with a mate.
So I'll see you boys later.
Let's do this.
You know. I reckon Sean's
still on the gear.
No way.
He's off that stuff.
What about that shit
with Pete?
What did he mean?
"It's my fault"?
- He's hiding something.
- We're all hiding
something.
Oh. good.
You got my message.
- Pete's dead.
- I know.
What. that's it?
Pete was like a father
to me. Rick.
Because of you.
he's gone.
Shit happens. okay?
I did try and warn you. mate.
No. no. You didn't warn me
about anything.
but I don't give
a fuck anymore.
You conned me into this.
I own that.
What happened. happened.
The only reason I am here
is to say return it
before it's too late.
Sean... Sean!
I already did that.
That's why I messaged you.
I don't have
the stash anymore.
Stop lying! They broke
into my apartment!
They killed Pete.
They want their drugs
and they're coming
for you.
And you!
Look...
I can help you
if you return it.
That's it. No more.
Just go.
Go!
You're a dead man.
Hey.
Nice waves out there.
It's like this
most mornings.
Glassy. south-easterly.
Haven't seen you
around here before.
Oh. camping.
Nice shooter.
I'm Jack. by the way.
I'm Michelle.
My folks run the op shop.
Cool. Yeah. yeah
I know the place.
I think.
Um. near
the surf store. right?
- Yeah. That's it.
- Yeah.
So you up for it?
You bet.
Okay. Mick Fanning.
Let's go.
Hey. Michelle!
Hey. um. look.
I just wanted to say
that you were amazing.
All the boys say that.
- Um. maybe we could--
- Catch you same time tomorrow?
Yeah.
This must have been
what it was like
- for the old boys
when they were up here.
- Yep. Surfer's dream.
- Sean didn't come back yet?
- He is here now.
Sean.
- It's Katie. right?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I let
everyone down.
especially Katie.
No. that's not right.
You've always been
straight with me.
and whatever's happening
with Katie. you'll work it out.
You love her and she loves you.
- You think?
- I know.
Well. you're wrong. mate.
See you boys
in the morning.
Ahem.
- I didn't think you'd show.
- And miss this?
Big night?
Ah. few beers.
Do I really look
that shabby?
Stop fishing
for compliments.
- So are we gonna do this?
- You bet.
Hey. would you like
to catch up for a drink?
I've got work.
Sorry.
Maybe after work?
You're on.
Okay. Pick me up
at the op shop.
- Seven.
- Sure.
Who is it?
Is that you. Sean?
Do I know you?
Mate. what do you want?
You have something
that belongs to me.
Where is it?
Why don't we talk this over?
Whiskey?
Mate. I don't have
your stuff.
Lying is bad
for your health.
I'm not lying. honest.
The drugs.
Where are they?
I'm asking you
a question.
Sean.
Sean's got your stuff.
Sean's full name?
Sean Bindaboo.
This guy?
Yes. mate.
So where's Sean?
Look. he's around town
somewhere.
That's all I know.
Okay?
Excuse me. ma'am.
I'm. uh... just
a little bit lost here.
and I was wondering
if you could show me
the way to. um--
What are you doing?
Be still. calm down.
calm down.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I'm not gonna hurt you. okay?
- You understand?
- Yeah.
Now when I take my hand away.
if you scream.
it's gonna be the last sound
you hear. okay?
Okay. Now get in.
I know you.
It was you
at Sean's apartment.
Maybe.
You'd be dead now
if I'd seen you.
What do you want with me?
You? Nothing.
Does your boyfriend
know you're here?
It was meant to be
a surprise.
Oh. it certainly will be.
He took something
that belongs to me.
Now he has a mobile. right?
You wanna call him?
Let's call him.
come on.
Call him.
Katie?
Sean.
Katie. I was
just texting you.
Look. I fucked up.
Sean. I. um.
just listen.
I'm sorry. It's just.
I'm struggling here.
- I. um--
- Seanie.
Seanie. Seanie.
that is so sweet.
Who is this?
It's your girlfriend's keeper.
She's right here next to me.
- Katie?
- Sean.
- Where are you?
- What's going on?
What have you done?
Are you satisfied.
asshole? Hm?
I presume you do want
your girl back.
Please just--
just don't touch her.
Listen. this is what I want.
I want that package
that your friend
Rick Molet gave you.
I don't have the drugs!
- Sean. I don't want
to hurt her.
- Hey. hey.
Look. please. please don't.
Please don't hurt her.
She's gonna be
in a box next to you
if you don't tell me
where the drugs are.
Rick stashed them. Okay?
I'm gonna need time
because they're a long way
from here.
How long?
Let's say seven tonight.
The wharf at Blue Bay.
Seanie.
I have your girl.
Don't be late.
Hey!
They've got Katie!
- Who's they?
- They. the bastards
that killed Pete.
- You know
who killed Pete?
- Yeah.
Look. I haven't been
honest with you.
Look. Rick and Pete.
they got me to assist
in a drug boost.
I-- I thought you were done
with that now that you're
with Katie.
I was with Katie.
but she tossed me out.
Fuck!
I'm a fuckwit.
I'm a complete fuckwit.
I agreed to do one last job.
it was just to repay debts...
and now they've got Katie.
They think
that I've got the coke.
To buy me time.
I told them that I had it.
You've really
messed up. man.
What can I do to help?
What. you'd do that?
You'd help me
after everything I've done?
Sure. We all
make mistakes. Jack?
I'm not buying it.
Mate. you've gotta get
your shit together.
Yeah. I know. mate.
After everything I've done.
I don't deserve your support.
but I sure as hell
appreciate it.
So what's the plan?
What. sell the stash
and split it three ways?
I'm just kidding!
Can't believe
you fell for that.
You take dumb one
to a whole new level.
Of course I'm gonna help.
we're mates.
Like Clay said.
we all fuck up.
You know what?
At least you've owned it.
I'm sorry. man. I shouldn't
have turned my back on you.
Thank you.
I really don't deserve
you guys.
- It's Katie you don't deserve.
- Well. that's true.
Now we've got to save her.
So how are we gonna do this?
We're gonna need a few things
and a Navy travel bag.
I know just the place.
Give me five.
- Well. hi.
You're here early.
- What?
Oh!
You haven't come
to cancel on me. have you?
No. no. no. no. I. um...
Wait. what's up?
Michelle?
You sure you still
want in on this?
It could be dangerous.
I'll be okay.
So why did we choose
the Blue Bay spot
for the exchange?
I remember the old wharf
from years ago.
It's usually deserted.
So what's the plan.
Stan?
The deal is I go in.
I hand over the bag
and I get Katie
out of there.
And you trust them?
No. You lot feel
like a paddle?
Come.
Your boyfriend's late.
How are we gonna do this?
Keep coming.
Turn the torch off.
We okay to exchange?
Easy. Easy.
Let's take it easy.
Come down here.
Just take it easy.
Move back.
Drop the torch.
Open the bag.
Drop it.
Hand her over first.
Drop the bag.
Move back.
Back it up.
- Hey. look.
- They've started without us.
No!
I'm gonna go help Katie.
Hey. are you okay?
Shit.
- Help.
- Sean!
There's Sean!
- Sean.
- Sean!
- Come on.
get on the board.
- Sean.
Oh. God.
- Hey. hey.
- You're okay.
You're okay.
I am sorry. so sorry.
- Yeah.
- Are you okay?
I am okay. yeah.
It's okay
G'day. sweetheart.
My name's. uh. Boo.
Dad!
Ho. ho. ho.
Hey. Dad.
No way you're starting
without me.
Hey. Kane.
you made it.
This tribute is for my Dad.
affectionately known as Boo.
Summer City was his turf.
He knew
how to have a good time...
how to ride a decent wave.
Most importantly.
he respected the love
that you Dads and friends
had for him.
Like all of us.
he wasn't perfect.
I'm still proud
to be called this son.